docs: Split ContainerBuildPlugin documentation into multiple pages (#99)
apple/swift-container-plugin: Sources/swift-container-plugin/Documentation.docc/requirements.md

> # Install a toolchain for cross-compilation (macOS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Install a toolchain for cross-compilation
```

> The open source Swift toolchain and a compatible Swift SDK make it possible to build Linux executables on macOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install an open source Swift toolchain and a compatible Swift SDK to build Linux executables on macOS.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Overview
```

* Swift Container Plugin runs on macOS and Linux and requires Swift 6.0 or later.
* On macOS you must install a cross-compilation Swift SDK, such as the [Swift Static Linux SDK](https://www.swift.org/documentation/articles/static-linux-getting-started.html), in order to build executables which can run on Linux-based cloud infrastructure.
* The Swift Static Linux SDK requires the [open source Swift toolchain](https://www.swift.org/install/macos/) to be installed.
* A container runtime is not required to build an image, but you will need one wherever you want to run the image.

> ## Install the open source Swift toolchain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install an open source Swift toolchain
```

Author: Fixed in 48aaaebe78703e4c406ee85eb0d4df65121e3e05

Follow the instructions at [https://www.swift.org/install/macos/](https://www.swift.org/install/macos/) to install the open source Swift toolchain.   The easiest way to do this is to use the [Swiftly swift toolchain installer](https://www.swift.org/install/macos/swiftly/).

> ## Install a Swift SDK for cross-compilation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install a Swift SDK for cross-compilation that matches the open source toolchain
```

Author: Fixed in 48aaaebe78703e4c406ee85eb0d4df65121e3e05

If you are running on macOS, you can use a [Swift SDK](https://github.com/apple/swift-evolution/blob/main/proposals/0387-cross-compilation-destinations.md) to cross-compile your server executable for Linux.   Either:

* Install the [Static Linux SDK from swift.org](https://www.swift.org/documentation/articles/static-linux-getting-started.html)
* Use [Swift SDK Generator](https://github.com/apple/swift-sdk-generator) to build and install a custom SDK

> Let's install the Swift Static Linux SDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example illustrates installing the Swift Static Linux SDK:
```

Downloading a Swift SDK bundle archive from `https://download.swift.org/swift-6.1-release/static-sdk/swift-6.1-RELEASE/swift-6.1-RELEASE_static-linux-0.0.1.artifactbundle.tar.gz`...
                                   Downloading
100% [=============================================================]
Downloading swift-6.1-RELEASE_static-linux-0.0.1.artifactbundle.tar.gz

Swift SDK bundle archive successfully downloaded from `https://download.swift.org/swift-6.1-release/static-sdk/swift-6.1-RELEASE/swift-6.1-RELEASE_static-linux-0.0.1.artifactbundle.tar.gz`.
Verifying if checksum of the downloaded archive is valid...
Downloaded archive has a valid checksum.
Swift SDK bundle at `https://download.swift.org/swift-6.1-release/static-sdk/swift-6.1-RELEASE/swift-6.1-RELEASE_static-linux-0.0.1.artifactbundle.tar.gz` is assumed to be an archive, unpacking...
Swift SDK bundle at `https://download.swift.org/swift-6.1-release/static-sdk/swift-6.1-RELEASE/swift-6.1-RELEASE_static-linux-0.0.1.artifactbundle.tar.gz` successfully installed as swift-6.1-RELEASE_static-linux-0.0.1.artifactbundle.
```

> Check that the new Swift SDK is now available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the installation is complete, check that the SDK is available:
```
